>> Burke Holland: TypeScript
has become very popular.
We haven't done any yet.
We're gonna look at
some a little later on.
However, if you're a JavaScript developer,
you actually may wanna use
TypeScript without using TypeScript.
Let me explain what I mean.
If in this method here, let's say
we had added something like this.
Let's say we'd added a console and
we're gonna log out the color.
>> Speaker 2: Log not blog.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Burke Holland: Right, so
we are now gonna console log this color,
correct?
>> Speaker 2: You have canceled out blog.
>> Burke Holland: Yeah,
we're not gonna console-
>> Speaker 2: Sorry [LAUGH] no-
>> Burke Holland: It's not gonna work.
I wish blog was a command, but it isn't.
So now here's the deal.
The problem is if you had a linter,
the linter would pick this up, but
let's just assume that you
don't have a linter running.
One of the cool things about
TypeScript is that it lints for you.
So you don't actually have to
be using TypeScript to exploit
TypeScript's type checking and
linting functionality in VS Code.
This is one of the magical
things about VS Code,
it works with TypeScript
with no configuration.
Now, here's what you can do,
I'm gonna come to the top here, and
I'm going to put a comment.
And then I'm gonna put an at sign,
and see how it popped up a mini there?
And I'm gonna say ts-check, and
then what that's gonna do is it's gonna
start checking my JavaScript for me.
So now it doesn't know about certain
things, and it's like, I don't know what
value is, and I don't know what blog is,
and actually, if I press,
I think it's f8, that will move us
between the errors, so I'm pressing f8.
And we're just going down to the errors in
the file, doesn't know what signalR is,
that's a global variable.
So I'm just gonna keep moving through.
Doesn't see a style,
doesn't think that's right.
Some of these are okay, it's just
TypeScript doesn't know what they are.
But what's interesting is on the blog one,
it says property blog does
not exist on type console.
Did you mean log?
Okay, so TypeScript knows a lot more,
because of typing,
it knows a lot more about your
JavaScript than the linter does.
So you can use TypeScript and
exploit the brains of TypeScript
to type check your JavaScript.
Now, you probably don't wanna do
this at the top of every file.
That does not scale.
So, let's take this out and
look at a different way of doing this.
>> Burke Holland: Let's open
up our settings file, and
I've got a lot of settings.
And I'm gonna get him
down here to the bottom.
Actually, I wanna take out
these favorite colors here.
Let's pull this out.
And what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna add a setting
called implicitProjectConfig.checkJs.
Not super intuitive, but
this basically says, check my project
using the TypeScript compiler.
That's what this setting means.
So we'll set it on to true.
Let's come back to our app file.
And we're getting the type
checking now from TypeScript
that we were getting
with the comment before.
You can also add that as a workspace
setting instead of a global setting.
So you want it to apply just to your
workspace, a lot of times I keep this
turned off until I get to a scenario
where I got a problem and
I'm having trouble debugging a JavaScript.
And then I turn it on, and I say, okay
TypeScript, I can't find where the area
is, what method am I calling
that just doesn't exist?
A lot of times you'll get an error
object is not a function or
undefined is not a function in JavaScript.
The TypeScript compiler is really good for
checking for that stuff.
So just know that you have
that at your disposal.
You can turn it on,
let it check your JavaScript.
It's basically like a pair programmer
coming in to help you, it's really cool.
All right, so that's typed,
check in your JavaScript there.
I think now since we changed our image,
we're no longer running,
let me go ahead and start that up again.
And I think since I've changed all the
paths and everything, yeah, it's working.
The button doesn't look so
good, but close enough.
You know what it is,
I think I modified that.
This, yeah, right here,
it's not columns, columns.
It's just columns.
>> Burke Holland: Better, okay.
Now's your turn.
You get to go and go through all these
steps and when you get the app running,
feel free to change the colors on
the lint to your heart's content.